README.md, before:

# Tax System module for AllianceAuth.<a name="aa-taxsystem"></a>

![Release](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/aa-taxsystem?label=release)
![Licence](https://img.shields.io/github/license/geuthur/aa-taxsystem)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/aa-taxsystem)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/pypi/frameworkversions/django/aa-taxsystem.svg?label=django)
[![pre-commit.ci status](https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/master.svg)](https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/master)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![Tests](https://github.com/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/actions/workflows/autotester.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/actions/workflows/autotester.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/graph/badge.svg?token=IGpkrAuv42)](https://codecov.io/gh/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem)

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/W7W810Q5J4)

A Tax System for Corporation to Monitor Payments like Renting Tax, etc.

______________________________________________________________________

- [AA Tax System](#aa-taxsystem)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Upcoming](#upcoming)
  - [Screenshots](#screenshots)
  - [Installation](#features)
    - [Step 1 - Install the Package](#step1)
    - [Step 2 - Configure Alliance Auth](#step2)
    - [Step 3 - Add the Scheduled Tasks and Settings](#step3)
    - [Step 4 - Migration to AA](#step4)
    - [Step 5 - Setting up Permissions](#step5)
    - [Step 6 - (Optional) Setting up Compatibilies](#step6)

## Features<a name="features"></a>

- Corporation Tax System
  - Member Tracking
    - Check Member is registred in Auth
    - Check Member is Alt Char
  - Payment System
    - Allocate User from Member Tracking
    - Automatic Payment Tracking
    - Automatic Payment Approvment
    - Filtering Amount, Reason, Date
      - Support Hooks for Add more Filters
  - Payments
    - Track Payments that meets filters
  - Log System
  - Logs Actions from Administration Section

## Upcoming<a name="upcoming"></a>

- Notify via Discord each Month
- Alliance level tax system

## Screenshots<a name="screenshots"></a>

### Administration View

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/refs/heads/master/taxsystem/docs/images/administration.png)

### Account User Payments History

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/refs/heads/master/taxsystem/docs/images/administrationpaymentaccount.png)

### Payments Details

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/refs/heads/master/taxsystem/docs/images/paymentdetails.png)

### Payments

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/refs/heads/master/taxsystem/docs/images/payments.png)

## Installation<a name="installation"></a>

> [!NOTE]
> AA Tax System needs at least Alliance Auth v4.6.0
> Please make sure to update your Alliance Auth before you install this APP

### Step 1 - Install the Package<a name="step1"></a>

Make sure you're in your virtual environment (venv) of your Alliance Auth then install the pakage.

```shell
pip install aa-taxsystem
```

### Step 2 - Configure Alliance Auth<a name="step2"></a>

Configure your Alliance Auth settings (`local.py`) as follows:

- Add `'allianceauth.corputils',` to `INSTALLED_APPS`
- Add `'eveuniverse',` to `INSTALLED_APPS`
- Add `'taxsystem',` to `INSTALLED_APPS`

### Step 3 - Add the Scheduled Tasks<a name="step3"></a>

To set up the Scheduled Tasks add following code to your `local.py`

```python
CELERYBEAT_SCHEDULE["taxsystem_update_all_taxsytem"] = {
    "task": "taxsystem.tasks.update_all_taxsytem",
    "schedule": crontab(minute="15,45"),
}

LOGGING["handlers"]["taxsystem_file"] = {
    "level": "INFO",
    "class": "logging.handlers.RotatingFileHandler",
    "filename": os.path.join(BASE_DIR, "log/taxsystem.log"),
    "formatter": "verbose",
    "maxBytes": 1024 * 1024 * 5,
    "backupCount": 5,
}
LOGGING["loggers"]["taxsystem"] = {
    "handlers": ["taxsystem_file", "console", "extension_file"],
    "level": "DEBUG",
}
```

### Step 4 - Migration to AA<a name="step4"></a>

```shell
python manage.py collectstatic
python manage.py migrate
```

### Step 5 - Setting up Permissions<a name="step5"></a>

With the Following IDs you can set up the permissions for the Tax System

| ID                | Description                      |                                                            |
| :---------------- | :------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------- |
| `basic_access`    | Can access the Tax System module | All Members with the Permission can access the Tax System. |
| `create_access`   | Can add Corporation              | Users with this permission can add corporation.            |
| `manage_own_corp` | Can manage own Corporation       | Users with this permission can manage own corporation.     |
| `manage_corps`    | Can manage all Corporations      | Users with this permission can manage all corporations.    |

### Step 6 - (Optional) Setting up Compatibilies<a name="step6"></a>

The Following Settings can be setting up in the `local.py`

- TAXSYSTEM_APP_NAME: `"YOURNAME"` - Set the name of the APP
- TAXSYSTEM_STALE_TIME: `3` - Defines the time (in days) after which data is considered outdated and needs a update
- TAXSYSTEM_CORP_MEMBERS_SKIP_DATE: `1` - Set Skip Task Time in Hours
- TAXSYSTEM_CORP_WALLET_SKIP_DATE: `1` - Set Skip Task Time in Hours
- TAXSYSTEM_CORP_PAYMENTS_SKIP_DATE: `1` - Set Skip Task Time in Hours
- TAXSYSTEM_CORP_PAYMENT_SYSTEM_SKIP_DATE: `1` - Set Skip Task Time in Hours

> [!NOTE]
> Contributing
> You want to improve the project?
> Just Make a [Pull Request](https://github.com/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/pulls) with the Guidelines.
> We Using pre-commit

Commit message:

[ADD] Delete Missing Member Button (#20)
* [ADD] Missing Member Delete Button

* [CHANGE] Optimize Code

README.md, after:

# Tax System module for AllianceAuth.<a name="aa-taxsystem"></a>

![Release](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/aa-taxsystem?label=release)
![Licence](https://img.shields.io/github/license/geuthur/aa-taxsystem)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/aa-taxsystem)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/pypi/frameworkversions/django/aa-taxsystem.svg?label=django)
[![pre-commit.ci status](https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/master.svg)](https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/master)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![Tests](https://github.com/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/actions/workflows/autotester.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/actions/workflows/autotester.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/graph/badge.svg?token=IGpkrAuv42)](https://codecov.io/gh/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem)

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/W7W810Q5J4)

A Tax System for Corporation to Monitor Payments like Renting Tax, etc.

______________________________________________________________________

- [AA Tax System](#aa-taxsystem)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Upcoming](#upcoming)
  - [Screenshots](#screenshots)
  - [Installation](#features)
    - [Step 1 - Install the Package](#step1)
    - [Step 2 - Configure Alliance Auth](#step2)
    - [Step 3 - Add the Scheduled Tasks and Settings](#step3)
    - [Step 4 - Migration to AA](#step4)
    - [Step 5 - Setting up Permissions](#step5)
    - [Step 6 - (Optional) Setting up Compatibilies](#step6)

## Features<a name="features"></a>

- Corporation Tax System
  - Member Tracking
    - Check Member is registred in Auth
    - Check Member is Alt Char
    - See Members as Missing when they leave the Corporation
  - Payment System
    - Allocate User from Member Tracking
    - Automatic Payment Tracking
    - Automatic Payment Approvment
    - Filtering Amount, Reason, Date
      - Support Hooks for Add more Filters
  - Payments
    - Track Payments that meets filters
  - Log System
  - Logs Actions from Administration Section

## Upcoming<a name="upcoming"></a>

- Notify via Discord each Month
- Alliance level tax system

## Screenshots<a name="screenshots"></a>

### Administration View

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/refs/heads/master/taxsystem/docs/images/administration.png)

### Account User Payments History

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/refs/heads/master/taxsystem/docs/images/administrationpaymentaccount.png)

### Payments Details

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/refs/heads/master/taxsystem/docs/images/paymentdetails.png)

### Payments

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/refs/heads/master/taxsystem/docs/images/payments.png)

## Installation<a name="installation"></a>

> [!NOTE]
> AA Tax System needs at least Alliance Auth v4.6.0
> Please make sure to update your Alliance Auth before you install this APP

### Step 1 - Install the Package<a name="step1"></a>

Make sure you're in your virtual environment (venv) of your Alliance Auth then install the pakage.

```shell
pip install aa-taxsystem
```

### Step 2 - Configure Alliance Auth<a name="step2"></a>

Configure your Alliance Auth settings (`local.py`) as follows:

- Add `'allianceauth.corputils',` to `INSTALLED_APPS`
- Add `'eveuniverse',` to `INSTALLED_APPS`
- Add `'taxsystem',` to `INSTALLED_APPS`

### Step 3 - Add the Scheduled Tasks<a name="step3"></a>

To set up the Scheduled Tasks add following code to your `local.py`

```python
CELERYBEAT_SCHEDULE["taxsystem_update_all_taxsytem"] = {
    "task": "taxsystem.tasks.update_all_taxsytem",
    "schedule": crontab(minute="15,45"),
}

LOGGING["handlers"]["taxsystem_file"] = {
    "level": "INFO",
    "class": "logging.handlers.RotatingFileHandler",
    "filename": os.path.join(BASE_DIR, "log/taxsystem.log"),
    "formatter": "verbose",
    "maxBytes": 1024 * 1024 * 5,
    "backupCount": 5,
}
LOGGING["loggers"]["taxsystem"] = {
    "handlers": ["taxsystem_file", "console", "extension_file"],
    "level": "DEBUG",
}
```

### Step 4 - Migration to AA<a name="step4"></a>

```shell
python manage.py collectstatic
python manage.py migrate
```

### Step 5 - Setting up Permissions<a name="step5"></a>

With the Following IDs you can set up the permissions for the Tax System

| ID                | Description                      |                                                            |
| :---------------- | :------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------- |
| `basic_access`    | Can access the Tax System module | All Members with the Permission can access the Tax System. |
| `create_access`   | Can add Corporation              | Users with this permission can add corporation.            |
| `manage_own_corp` | Can manage own Corporation       | Users with this permission can manage own corporation.     |
| `manage_corps`    | Can manage all Corporations      | Users with this permission can manage all corporations.    |

### Step 6 - (Optional) Setting up Compatibilies<a name="step6"></a>

The Following Settings can be setting up in the `local.py`

- TAXSYSTEM_APP_NAME: `"YOURNAME"` - Set the name of the APP
- TAXSYSTEM_STALE_TIME: `3` - Defines the time (in days) after which data is considered outdated and needs a update
- TAXSYSTEM_CORP_MEMBERS_SKIP_DATE: `1` - Set Skip Task Time in Hours
- TAXSYSTEM_CORP_WALLET_SKIP_DATE: `1` - Set Skip Task Time in Hours
- TAXSYSTEM_CORP_PAYMENTS_SKIP_DATE: `1` - Set Skip Task Time in Hours
- TAXSYSTEM_CORP_PAYMENT_SYSTEM_SKIP_DATE: `1` - Set Skip Task Time in Hours

> [!NOTE]
> Contributing
> You want to improve the project?
> Just Make a [Pull Request](https://github.com/Geuthur/aa-taxsystem/pulls) with the Guidelines.
> We Using pre-commit
